Separate the Meet the Community into its own series of Blog Posts (#248)
ipfs/blog: content/post/86-ipfs-weekly-41.md

Here are some of the highlights since the last IPFS Weekly.

## Meet the Community: Edgar Lee @ Software Developer at Netflix

> This week for [`Meet the Community`, we had Edgar Lee, a Software Developer at Netflix](INSERT URL)

Author: ```suggestion
This week for [`Meet the Community`, we had Edgar Lee, a Software Developer at Netflix](https://blog.ipfs.io/meet-the-community-edgar-lee)
```
